Add EDNS upstream version in the release notes (#52775)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-12-release-notes.adoc

In {product-title} 4.12, the External DNS Operator modifies the format of the ExternalDNS wildcard TXT records on AzureDNS. The External DNS Operator replaces the asterisk with `any` in ExternalDNS wildcard TXT records. You must avoid the ExternalDNS wildcard A and CNAME records having `any` leftmost subdomain because this might cause a conflict.

> The upstream version of `ExternalDNS` for an OpenShift Container Platform 4.11 is v0.13.0. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The upstream version of `ExternalDNS` for an OpenShift Container Platform 4.12 is v0.13.1. 
```

Author: Addressed
